---
# MEETING OR EVENT INFO
title: ASC Meeting Notes
notetaker: DeVonn Francis

# SITE STUFF YOU CAN EDIT
published: true

# SITE STUFF YOU SHOULDN'T EDIT
layout: notes-single
category: notes
---


Present Members:
DeVonn Francis
Asher Mones
Rachel Appel
Won Ocha
Sheera
Kimberly Yunker
Andy Overton
Sebastian Quijada Link
Jenny Eagleton
Casey Gollan
Kristi Cavataro
Charis Jackson-Barrios


Importance of ASC site to be up in running in terms of communication/ addressing our identity as student council in relation to…
Site does not replace conversations it supplements them

-important to add info to sites immediately after meeting and edit periodically thru week
-does not have to be descriptive

What does our site look like? (come back to in this session if time allows) ***

Agenda
Won-RGG meeting 
SQ(sebastian)/RA(Rachel appel)- A-Chair meetings
Christie- electives & printing  cost
*CDG assoc.- given final report/ only pres + other admin have seen it- not funneled down yet
*RA- “is there final report→ CDG?” → Laurence + TC say “No”
(cdg needs to be looked at further)

AM- do we want to cancel scheduled events RA has postponed them

Student frustration/w faculty-→ we should call meeting/w faculty; Waalid would be interested***

Sheerah- Our power to choose the classes that are being cut?***

Won; Revenue Gen Group. (RGG)
-split into small groups for presentation
Dennis Adams Nikki Logis Waalid- Saskia Steven Lam
MA MS curriculum: New Art Economies/ Reflections/ Shadows… etc.

Saskia want copy of agenda to student council but not to share it (transparency issue)
Competitions between deans an issue? (Unity Issue)

JE- concern of art school at large; person presenting programs is Saskia

Sheerah- Can more students sit in on these meetings? (need to ask if this is possible)
(Won types up notes about the doc./ Saskia: Cannot get into the specifics of the doc./ publishing)
CG- protocol of transparency during meetings/ disclosure of info during meetings. How do you address these situations.

-Cost of prog. 40,000 for to yrs. 10000 dollars/ credit
(What is the market $ for Masters Prog.?)
8 students first year + increase each yr.

ASSP (Adv. Student Certificate Prog.)
1 / 2 yr prog.
800-900 dollars per credit

What are the terms of our certificate program?

Thinking about implementing this very soon 

Pre-College
Essl Osinski Morgan
Programs may disappear
$ is undetermined
no mention of faculty
MA/MS faculty would be teaching at the precollege program

CG- talked to Doug A.: dif between professors who do and do not want to be involved in the prog that they are creating.

MDP (Masters of Design Prog.)/ MA social design
3 yr prog. ( occurs during the summer)
Studio and Theory Prog.
Ashford, Bordo, Miller, Lins
Name: Alternative Institute 

A-Chair Meeting
Humanities- Making eng. Students more well rounded
Rep. for RGG programs-→ Jamshed 

JSC Meeting
Hurricane Sandy Benefit Event
JSC sponsored event
Facilitate info from school better/ bring school together/w specific events
Subcomitte made up from 3 schools to compile info for lectures from 3 schools (Andy is on this committee)
Hurricane emergency fund
Building will be open over Thanksgiving break
How Are we making up days lost? (up to individual schools on how days are made up)
Next meeting on the 20th  (Chaired by Arch.)

Electives in the SofA (School of Art)
Adv Painting class cut
Almost all electives cut
(Who makes the decision of cutting these classes)
(is the schedule finalized*should be finalized by the 15th*? Who was in attendance?)
(is this something that should be finalized by the curriculum committee?)
student rep. issue dealing/w contract claiming 
Erin Sparlings Adv. Tech (studio elective) classes were canceled indefinitely 
(What are the criteria of classes being cut?)
Our curriculum is at risk of being shitty b/c faculty is dividing time between reg. tasks and RGG





Leanne Miller Case
ASC initiates review of Leanne Miller
Leanne Miller fulltime faculty with tenure (highest paid faculty member in the school of art)***
Proposal of writing an open letter to the school of art directed towards Leanne Miller spearheaded by students (perhaps boycotting the class)
Every fulltime faculty members have to teach 3 courses
Finding people who can give Testimonials 
CUFCT
Students can do a survey/ have a review of their professors
Meeting on Sunday to outline/ plan
Getting records of students that have been in her classes
(What are the criteria by which we address Leanne Millers class?)
Complaints about the class(es)/professor(s) that come through student council 
By pushing this through we create a standard of criteria by which we address other faculty/ classes
Strength of argument is within complaints and not in the professors salary

Paying for Printing
Paying for plotter prints by the foot (needs clarification)
$ to prints covers the cost/ does not generate revenues
(unofficial)

CDG Associates
Needs further clarification

Events
Should we add/delete 
Donation based party for Hurricane Relief
Alumni Sock-hop Party

Student Faculty Summit
Why is it that the president of our school says that he does not have the capability to raise 40 million dollars, and offloads the responsibilities on to other people.

Talking meeting with faculty and students
-ask for a more concrete way that faculty and students and more effectively come together 
(is this an issue of student council?)
-students need to be running the meeting so that the faculty does not take it over
-needs to be a clear purpose of calling the meeting in order
-creating a situation where all of the faculty and the students come together to discuss what is going on
-What is the best day that we can meet?
-What portion of the faculty/staff should be there?

Rachel Appel writing email to faculty
Friday @ 6pm + Sunday @ 4pm 









Enter Text in Markdown format.