---
category: notes
layout: notes-single
published: true
title: ASC Meeting
notetaker: Casey Gollan/ DeVonn Francis
tags: student-council
filepath: _posts/notes/2013-03-25-asc.md

---

#ASC Meeting

**Attendance:**
Kristi, Andy, DeVonn, Jon, Peter, Jenny, Casey

## Agenda
- Saskia meeting report back
- EOYS plans report back
- Helping organize an event where CUAA and Seniors meet on April 2nd and 4th
- ASC/Student Councils calling for monthly Trustee Forums
- Casey is working on [improving documentation](https://github.com/CooperASC/cooperasc.github.com/blob/master/README.md) on what our website is about and how to use it, wants feedback
- Party 1
- Party 2
- New Common Ground Event
- Meeting with Jamshed  
- Bye Kristi!  
- Senate Meeting  

**Saskia:**  
Talked about EOYS- no projection room for alum work  
alum work good idea but needs to be treated dif. from student work (i.e. insurance policy and pricing)  
- work- dif. space/ format  
- video viewing room no adequate for showing video work  
- alum student mentorship would be cool to see in future  
- mix the floors that work typically goes on   
- where does video go?; deal with the spaces
- grad school talk (Krisit and Jenny are in contact with the speakers and reserving the Rose auditorium)  

**Party 1:**  
- Friday, April 5th  
- 8pm to 12 am  
- need to find way to fund this without necessarily drawing from ASC budget (what happened to the money for the party last year?) student council members can possibly provide the budget  
- 630C reserved    
- Victoria Sobel smoke machine  
- Olive confirmed distributer but need someone else to serve as well  
- wine or beer (most likely beer)

**Party 2:**   
- set a date  
- BHQF space? or 3 level multi-school party?  

**Common Ground:**  
*part 1*  
- DeVonn had a meeting with Caleb Wang (4yr Eng) and Andrew Rehayem (1yr Eng) to discuss how to further organize this       
- April 16th; 2 part event     
- Pot luck lunch on the Alumni Terrace    
- All 3 schools      
- 12pm to 2pm   
*part two*  
- drafting a doc in regards to forming a better CU w/ feedback from each school, and also  ratifying a doc. of restructuring school governance  
- need 5 reps from each school

**Meeting with Jamshed (DeVonn)**  
- J wants to know what is a good way to reconnect with the art school, and the school in general  
- plans to exhibit student work at the Fish house b/c that is where he speaks to donors  
- 4 student studio visits per semester  

**Kristi:**
- curriulum committee (official members go to meeting)/ *meeting tomorrow at 9:30am PC Suite*  
- resident faculty meetings  
- JAC  
- admissions?  

**Senate (Jon):**    
- April 1st 8/9am    
- Admin taking over admissions (this is speculative right now and needs to be looked into further)  
- plans discussed not including architecture school  
- vote of no confidence  



