---
category: notes
layout: notes-single
published: true
title: Senate Meeting on 11/25/12
notetaker: Asher Mones	
tags: Student-Faculty Senate
filepath: _posts/notes/senate-meeting-2012-11-25.md

---

Asher Mones
Senate Meeting Notes 
11/25/12

Reading and Approval of Minutes:

In this portion of the meeting the discussion of Minerva and Tudor online instruction 
projects were removed from the minutes.

In an edit to the senate meeting bylaws, the words “full time” were removed from the language of the governance to allow proportional time faculty participation in the senate. The ability for proportional time faculty to participate will now be determined individually by the governance of each of the three schools that make up the Cooper Union.

Tasking of Subcommittees:

The communication and information subcommittees were removed from the list of created subcommittees because it was decided that communication was the shared responsibility of all of the subcommittees. The other subcommittees are faculty-student stress, class scheduling, and interdisciplinary. 

We continued this discussion by talking about Exam scheduling and specifically the issues related to sophomore engineering exams. 

Discussion of Old business: 

there was no old business

Discussion of New Business:

Three new trustees were added to the board of trustees.
-Edgar Mokuvos EE 78 Alumni
-Jeremey Werthiemer EE 82 Entrepenuer who works at google.
-Rachel L. Warren-Lawer 

Presidents adress to the Senate:

Faculty Planning reports will be finalized tomorrow so that they can be presented at the board meeting on Dec.4th. The deans will present to the full board of trustees on 4th. After this, they will set up a Trustee sub-committee which will try to meet as often as possible to study all the reports created by the individual school faculties and the task force. All the recommendations will be assessed and be presented to the full board at a later date by this smaller board committee.The president thanked the faculty for their work on the individual school plans for revenue generation and thanked them for working within the tough deadline that had been established. He said the proposals will be made available after the administration has looked through them.

Q. If the faculty choose not to vote what will happen
A. Response from President, The bridge will be crossed if it happens. 
The president believes that the faculty will support their reports.

Q.How do these reports amend or extend the revenue task force?
Only the faculty in the end can come up with the programs that will be offered at cooper because they are the ones who teach them.  

Toward the end of the meeting.The president introduced the idea of a new institute for design. He proposed that the programs offered would be cross-disciplinary. There is no governance for such a program and the program is still in early stages of being discussed. The institute would be self sustaining place to launch fee based programs needed to launch them beyond restriction. According to the president, the institute would widen intellectual life. 