---
# MEETING OR EVENT INFO
title: ASC Meeting
notetaker: Austin Abistado
tags: asc

# SITE STUFF YOU CAN EDIT
published: true

# SITE STUFF YOU SHOULDN'T EDIT
layout: notes-single
category: notes
filepath: _posts/notes/2019-02-09-asc-meeting.md
---

# **ASC Meeting**

* February 9, 2019
* 7:00pm-8:30pm
* Peter Cooper Suite

# **Attendees**

* Eve Axelrod
* Dalila Oliver
* Chris 
* Samuel Finley
* Ashton Carless
* Austin Abistado
* Sydney Vernon
* Ashley Wang
* Anthony DiBattista
* Faye Blue
* Diego Herrera

# **Meeting Notes**

1. **Second rep for FSS needed**
* Bryce Snyder abroad, leaving one of two positions open.
* Send out invitation by email to members of ASC.
2. **Council on Shared Learning (CSL)**
* Too epistemological, not pedagogical.
* Doesn’t influence direct change, therefore not sparking interest.
* Students not interested in taking part in more/new committees.
* Only one formal applicant from SoA after two schoolwide emails and postering.
* One member opted-in from ASC meeting, making two total students reps from the art school of the three requested.
3. **NAB flood & closure**
* ASC was going to send notes from Mike meeting, but Laura sent more information.
* The only extra information was about non-specific studio damage on the 9th floor which would have caused too much concern. Mike said Emmy would reach out to students with affected studios.
* How will classes be re-structured.
* Maybe leaving up extra class time to professors.
* TBA by Board of Education/Middles States.
4. **Faculty Search**
* Importance of new faculty that has work around sustainability/environmentalism. 
* The current form doesn't allow for early input by students.
* Our position is responsive to their own decisions.
* Meeting tomorrow at 12pm in room 414  with Will Villalongo and Leslie Hewitt (co-chairs of the search committee) to discuss the search and student involvement on a deeper level.
5. **Party Planning Committee**
* Current Members: Sam, Ashley, Ashton
* Ashton voted in as treasurer (treasurer)
* Committee goals to plan and coordinate parties/events paid for by ASC.
6. **Recent Student-Passing**
* Usual form of response by SoA is just an email and Cassandra Jolicoeur putting out donuts.
* Sydney talked to sister (former alum) and at another school admin held a memorial service, got together with family
* Goal: Reach out to student’s family and SoA admin. to help organize an event/service beginning on Monday.
* ASC needs to fill the void created by a lack of physical communal space by providing an opportunity for a shared psychological space.
7. **Cross-Campus Collaborative**
* A student from SVA invited ASC to join in on their Campus Action Network for NYC schools.
* (more info: https://www.facebook.com/events/657398994678440/)
8. **Go-around**
* Went around and talked about how each person was doing.
* Talked about foundation year and how it feels alienation and how the dorms feel isolating.
* Talked about the more unified dynamic of time after foundation year.

