---
category: notes
layout: notes-single
published: true
title: ASC weekly meeting
notetaker: Andy Overton
tags: student-council
filepath: _posts/notes/2013-03-11-asc-meeting.md
---

# ASC meeting, yo

* 'genda:
	* EOYS
	* Gradschool seminar
	* alumni/student relations
	* freshmen/upperclassmen relations
	* party

* eoys
	* having an all school meeting on Thursday at 9PM in painting studio, Jon making signs
	* need a group of at least 8 students to take pictures of work in studios (and put on teh tumblr)
	* need to discuss free school at the all school meeting

* freshmen/upperclassmen relations
	* too big a divide between lower and upperclassmen
	* deVonn is to plan a saturday studio crawl
	* charis and andy are to mobilize the troops

* grad school
	* Jenny is to email Robert Thill about funding to compensate speakers
	* Jenny is to approach Walid, Martha Friedman, Doug, Josephina Haverson, and Alex Kwartler
	* April 17th
	* rose auditorium from 6:30-8:30 or 9
	* refreshments TBD
    
* Party
	* postponed 

* adchair meeting/extra stuff
	* Peter will ask Arch about their documents
	* Asher is also gonna get in on that
	* and andy