---
published: 
  - true
  - "true"
category: notes
layout: "notes-single"
title: ASC Meeting
notetaker: Andy Overton
tags: "committee-name"
filepath: "_posts/notes/2013-09-02-asc-meeting-andy-overton.md"
---

ASC Meeting  
9.2.13  

DeVonn, Hunter, Kristi, Minh, Peter  

coming up:
opening elections for new members  
Alumni mixer at BHQFU?  
putting on a show in 41CS gallery?  
parties every friday?  
one big party?  

things we need to keep in mind:  
admissions committee is going to be imperative this school year  
	tours of the school are already starting  
"revolutionizing" student council   
	is github still the best way to publish notes?  
	standardzing how to take notes  
how JSC is going to be changing this year  

things we're working on before next meeting:  
scheduling new meeting times with Saskia- Peter  
scheduling a meeting with Dean Baker- Andy  
checking out funding- DeVonn  
starting to reserve spaces- DeVonn  

next meeting planned for Friday, September 6th in room 414 at 5:30pm
